Hmph!
So, tell me what you want and where, because you're up next.
Hey...
Hey!
You think this is funny, you jerk?!
Uh...
Yeah.
Keep laughing and I'll mess up your face!
Got a theory on what makes a good candidate for spellcaster I wanna run by you.
They all got the same kinda crazy.
The word you're looking for is whimsy and you may be right.
Okay! Name's Remlin.
As spellcaster, I can't wait to...
I can't wait!
To what?
So what number spellcaster are you on now?
I think Remlin's the sixth.
You're not sure?
The spellcasters recorded their histories through art,
so there's a lot that's left up to interpretation.
Oh...
Huh, okay, cool.
That's definitely good news.
I'm looking for someone to tell me what I want to know.
So I just found out that my powers don't work on people if I draw on them without getting their consent.
It's probably like when I draw on walls and stuff that's outside of town.
I need to get permission.
I mean, if it's not cool to draw on a wall without permission,
then it's really, really not cool to do that to a person, right?
Yeah, it was the same with Job, too.
Is that because spellcasters inherit the same abilities?
Historically, they've had similar if not the same powers.
subtle differences between them.
That's weird since you'd expect their powers
to reflect how different they are from each other.
A giver's powers are shaped by all the random stuff
that makes them them.
So what's up with spell casters?
Is it something to do with the vital ins-
Bro, you're thinking too hard.
Our powers turn out the same
because we're all about making sure
whatever we draw feels fun.
We'll sneak balloons into a stressful scene
or flowers into an epic battle.
We always play around with meaning,
intentionally or just to mess around.
Freedom and fun!
I'm pretty sure that's why Job and the other spell casters
were picked for the job.
And that's what I'll look for in who I pick,
cause it's cool.
Yeah, don't get it.
Oh, I get it.
You all end up with similar powers
because you all think the same way, yeah?
What?
That's just stupid.
How can we think alike if we all draw whatever we want?
We don't even draw the same stuff the same way.
Uh...
Uh-huh!
Trust me, it's not worth it.
Trying to make sense of what an artist says
is only going to scramble your brain.
Why is Enjin getting butt hurt over this?
Guessing you want the
make one nasty hit survivable special, yeah?
Let's make some magic.
Whoa, what are you doing?
That's forever.
What?
Remling, please.
You need to take this seriously.
Wait, what?
I don't...
I thought your instrument turned into a brush
when you used it.
How is it a tattoo gun?
I had a cool idea for a tattoo,
and then this just happened.
You can't do everything with the same tool, right?
I'm about to lose my damn mind.
First you cast spells,
and now you can make your tool into anything you want it to be?
You can't do that!
It ain't natural!
Okay, fine.
I won't do anything permanent.
I'm just gonna go get my tools.
I'm gonna go get my tools.
Just remember to keep it dry so that it doesn't wash off.
All right, then.
Second try.
If you would be so kind.
May I doodle all over your back?
This brat needs to learn when to stop.
You know, I think the kid's kinda growing on me.
Hmm.
What's this?
Excellent.
Good.
Thanks again for everything, Mr. Mayor.
Rem gearbox?
Well.
Thanks again for everything, Mr. Mayor.
읽 frontline for the runaround and everything earlier.
You're most welcome.
And sorry for the runaround and everything earlier.
Though the kid made up for it, it's not easy drawing spells on nine people.
And what a good job you did with those spells!
Appreciate it.
Look people.
Nope.
Okay, okay, all right.
Wait! Are you nuts, Mr. Mayor?
You can't let the pen get passed on to some no-name scrub!
There's no way they're worthy! I bet they stole it from Job's course!
That's why they couldn't get in.
I know they're not a better artist than me because I won the perfect art contest!
People were counting on me to be the next spellcaster!
Why else would someone like me come out to this turf farm of a city?
You know, I used to think people were wrong for saying this place had gone downhill,
but now I think I get it!
How much do you want to bet that it's all thanks to you?
Shut your mouth!
That shit-stained attitude is exactly why you two can't even get past the front gate!
This city's for artists, not posers who only care about fame! Got it?
Now get lost, or I'll smack the ugly off you!
Don't believe me? Then stick around!
Thus ends today's lesson.
Whatever you do, don't piss off the mayor.
It's been fun, but duty calls.
Don't be popping any more blood vessels, okay?
I'm sorry.
Or maybe just avoid the front gate, Mr. Mayor?
Hey, um, that was cool what you did for Job.
The send-off.
I know!
See you around when I'm drawing at Cleaner HQ!
Don't die!
Bye!
So we're heading back to HQ, aren't we?
Yep. Gotta grab your full face before we plow into danger.
But first, we've got a quick stop.
Thought we'd pick you up a little something on the way home.
What is it?
Whoa! Is that... for me?
Never hurts to be prepared.
So you're gonna take some time and pick whatever's singing sweet nothings to ya.
We're far from any polluted zones, so you don't have to worry about trash beasts.
I'm sure you're gonna find a treasure or two in there.
I'll take this, and this, and this!
Knew I'd see his feral side one day.
Stop!
Für!
Probably
Over
Forever
рек
Love, money, and sadness
The days are fresh and clean
And I'm feeling good
I want you to hold me tight
So that I can break the broken me
Goodbye, yes, I need
I want to keep on moving
Feel me up again, I'm climbing again
Tonight, I can't go on
I can't go on
I just got word. So sad. A lot of people...
Your face is ready!
Cool. Thanks, August.
Rudo, this is the artist who makes all our gear.
August, this is Rudo.
Get this. He's apparently finished working on your full face.
You bet them cheeks it's finished!
And with picture-perfect measurements, the fit is fittin'!
And we didn't have to meet up at all
because I got his measurements while he slept!
And that's not all! It's just for you!
Engine and Semmy, you told me about ya, so it's got ya swagger!
Wait, back up.
While I slept? You snuck in my room?
I know! I really lucked out with you not locking your room.
You creepy piece of shit!
Do spherites not lock their doors or something?
Not condoning it, but I'm impressed he caught Rudo sleeping.
Cause let me tell you, he doesn't get much of it.
Yeah? How do you know that?
Brother, stop!
What's up? Mama's home!
Mama's second best!
August, you're doing it again!
You need to stop, please!
You're making everyone uncomfortable!
What? Can't hear you!
August, you're making us sleep!
I'm making what?
Stop!
Is this like, a sibling thing?
I'll show her! I can find you!
What the-
Okay, what is with grounders and shouting everything all the damn time?
Someone like that?
She sitting all pretty-
Bruto, hold up, let me see your choker for a second.
Well, sheesh.
Don't come all this way and be invisible Ев Agent!
Butl, be there.
No.
Vi-
He just locked up the Department!
챺
Hey!
Not so bad. Weird? Sure. But now your choker's all set up.
They're pretty much like phones, but only with people you've traded blood with.
So that's why everyone on the ground is wearing one. I was kind of wondering about that.
Yeah, that's right. And now we can say that we've all blood for each other.
So don't be afraid to reach out. For real.
Cool.
What kind of tech is this? Is this even tech or like an insane giver power?
Anywho.
It's time for you to open yourself up to the crew.
Okay! Our hunt for the No Man's Land lady starts right now.
So, Ruto, you don't think you might have overdone it with the trash?
You know we're gonna have to walk at some point.
I mean, you can try and bring it all, but we're just gonna laugh at you.
It's all mostly backups.
Being extra prepared for your second trip into No Man's Land.
Good. Because trouble's on the way. Be ready for anything.
Lo, the desert No Man's Land. Penta.
Groovy.
Interesting. It's not sand. It's finely worn waste.
Oh, look, the welcoming party's here.
Okay, people. Witness reports said the woman lives somewhere further in.
Make sure you don't fall behind, Ruto.
I wasn't planning on it.
Excited to see what 3R's gonna do to those beasties.
Let's go find us a woman.
We should get some warm-ups in first.
I expect this will be entertaining.
Tutorial?
When you roll up on a No Man's Land, you better be snappy getting that half-mask on.
Then connect your O2 hose so you got some air.
Top it off with your mask and then...
Start some shit!
We gotta go to the desert No Man's Land, Penta?
You sure that's where it is, boss?
The other one?
You'll see when you get there.
Okey-dokey. Time for an in-the-field update.
First trash beast was encountered upon arrival in No Man's Land, Penta.
Shape can be described as scorpion-like.
Exoskeleton also suggests general scorpion-like behavior.
Special pincer and tail attacks are presumed but are not... confirmed.
The
Hanzo's
Yo, don't be looking at me.
Great, so they're dumb and loud.
The
Hanzo's
Octoshredder!
Huh?
Now that's just rude, man.
Okay, brat. You're up.
Let it send.
I'm going to get you.
Hmph.
There sure are a lot of those crawlies creepin' around here.
And for them to come out of the ground like that...
I'm thinkin' there's a whole lot more buried underneath this...
sand-not-sand-sand or whatever you wanna call it.
Tomei!
Huh?
You can't be doing your record-keeping duties while we're in active combat.
What were you thinking?
I guess I wasn't.
But if I waited, I might have forgotten something.
Besides, I know you wouldn't let anything happen.
I mean, it's your job to protect the record-keeper, and you're really good at it.
I can't protect you from a lack of self-preservation.
I'm not gonna let you do anything.
I'm gonna protect you from the worst.
Wait.
There's something there?
Hello, fellow cleaning compatriot!
Gah!
Ugh!
The hell, man?
Don't scare me like that!
Fight kicked up a lot of sand, didn't it?
We almost lost you there.
Judging by the aftermath, I'd say you did fantastically, Ruto!
How regrettable!
I missed seeing you in action!
Enough.
There will be other opportunities.
I know, but I wanted to see this part!
What are they talking about?
I just managed to not make everything worse this time.
Ah...
Oh, yes.
Of course that's it.
I know why you're here.
You came to see Anno, so I'm a girl.
I came to see you.
Ah!
That's unsettling.
All right.
Any ideas on how long she's been there?
I know the sand makes it hard to see, but I didn't even notice her approaching us!
Hold on.
Is that her?
Can anyone else get the feeling our expedition just got a whole lot shorter?
But there's no way it's this easy.
I don't know.
She doesn't seem like she wants to make things hard for us.
Maybe we ask her for directions and go from there.
Hey!
Sup, girl?
You the one who's seen people traveling between the sphere and the ground?
Rio, matters, please!
Yes, ma'am?
Asked and answered.
The woman we've been looking for just found us.
Weird.
Guess my luck doesn't hate me today.
Well, let's go over there and sit.
Okay.
Sorry.
It's so stinky.
And the air here hurts.
Can we go and talk someplace nice like Amo's house?
The air's good there, so you won't need a mask.
If she knows about the masks, why isn't she wearing one?
It's not that far.
Premise.
Come on.
Please?
Injin, let me sort this out.
I'll go with her and see what's what.
Nah.
We outnumber her.
Which makes this stupid survivable.
Besides, if she's got plans, I'd like to talk her out of them.
And if there happens to be a rumpus, then I'll take her on myself.
Come on.
I'm good to handle this.
No, I'm the best at throwing punches.
I'm the best at this.
No way.
What are you?
What?
What's wrong with you and me?
No!
It's the end.
What?
The end?
What's she saying?
What?
Thank you.